docs: Added console authentication docs (#846)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/console/index.md

---

## Sign-up

> To use Apify Console you first need to create an account. To create it please go to the [sign up page](https://console.apify.com/sign-up).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Apify Console, you first need to create an account. To create it please go to the [sign-up page](https://console.apify.com/sign-up).
```

At the moment we support 3 different methods of creating an account:

> ![Apify console sign up form](./images/console-sign-up-form.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Apify Console sign-up form](./images/console-sign-up-form.png)
```

### Email and password

This is the most common way of creating an account. You just need to provide your email address and a password. The password needs to be at least 8 characters, should not be your email address, and should either contain special characters or be long enough to be secure. The password field has a strength indicator below it that will tell you if your password is strong enough.

> After you click on the **Sign up** button, we will send you a verification email. The email contains a link which you need to click on or copy to your browser to proceed to automated email verification. After we verify your email you will proceed to the Apify Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you click the **Sign up** button, we will send you a verification email. The email contains a link that you need to click on or copy to your browser to proceed to automated email verification. After we verify your email, you will proceed to Apify Console.
```

:::info CAPTCHA

> We are using Google reCaptcha to prevent spam accounts. Usually you will not see it, but if Google evaluates your browser as suspicious, they will ask you to solve a reCaptcha before we create your account and send you the verification email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using Google reCaptcha to prevent spam accounts. Usually, you will not see it, but if Google evaluates your browser as suspicious, they will ask you to solve a reCaptcha before we create your account and send you the verification email.
```

:::

> If you did not receive the email, you can go to the [sign in page](https://console.apify.com/sign-in). There you will either proceed to our verification page right away, or you can sign in and you will be redirect after. On the verification page you can click on the **Resend verification email** button to send the email again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you did not receive the email, you can visit the [sign-in page](https://console.apify.com/sign-in). There, you will either proceed to our verification page right away, or you can sign in and will be redirected afterward. On the verification page, you can click on the **Resend verification email** button to send the email again.
```

> ![Apify console email verification page](./images/console-email-verification-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Apify Console email verification page](./images/console-email-verification-page.png)
```

### Google or GitHub

> If you do not want to create a new password for Apify Console, you can also use your Google or GitHub account to sign up. To do that, click on the **Sign up with Google** or **Sign up with GitHub** buttons. You will proceed to the corresponding authentication page where you will need to sign in and authorize Apify to access your account. Then when you come back to the Apify Console we will create your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to create a new password for Apify Console, you can also use your Google or GitHub account to sign up. To do that, click the **Sign up with Google** or **Sign up with GitHub** buttons. You will proceed to the corresponding authentication page, where you must sign in and authorize Apify to access your account. Then, when you come back to Apify Console, we will create your account.
```

> If you used Google to sign up, there is no verification step after this and you can start to use the Apify Console right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you used Google to sign up, there is no verification step after this, and you can start using Apify Console right away.
```

> On the other hand if you used GitHub to create your account and your github account does not have verified email, we will ask you to verify your email address before you can start using Apify Console. The process works the same as the process for email and password authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, if you used GitHub to create your account and your GitHub account does not have a verified email, we will ask you to verify your email address before you can start using Apify Console. The process works the same as the process for email and password authentication.
```

> If you already have an account in Apify Console connected to Google or GitHub, clicking on these buttons on the sign up page will not create a new account and instead it will directly sign you in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have an account in Apify Console connected to Google or GitHub, clicking on these buttons on the sign-up page will not create a new account but will directly sign you in.
```

## Sign-in

> To sign in to your account please go to the [sign in page](https://console.apify.com/sign-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign in to your account, please go to the [sign-in page](https://console.apify.com/sign-in).
```

> There you can use any of the authentication methods you have set up for your account. If you have multiple authentication methods, you can choose which one you want to use by using on the corresponding button or form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There, you can use any of the authentication methods you have set up for your account. If you have multiple authentication methods, you can choose which one you want to use by using the corresponding button or form.
```

> If you sign in through email and password and have two-factor authentication enabled on your account, you will proceed to the two-factor authentication page after you enter your password. There you will need to enter the code from your authenticator app to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you sign in through email and password and have two-factor authentication enabled on your account, you will proceed to the two-factor authentication page after you enter your password. There, you will need to enter the code from your authenticator app to sign in.
```

> If you do not have two-factor authentication enabled, you will be directly redirected to the Apify Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have two-factor authentication enabled, you will be directly redirected to Apify Console.
```

> ![Apify console sign in form](./images/console-sign-in-form.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Console sign-in form](./images/console-sign-in-form.png)
```

### Forgotten password

> In case you forgot your password, you can click on the **Forgot your password?** link which will redirect you to the [forgot password page](https://console.apify.com/forgot-password). There you will need to enter your email address and click on the **Reset password** button. We will then send an email to the address connected to your account with a link to the password reset page which will allow you to change your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you forgot your password, you can click on the **Forgot your password?** link, which will redirect you to the [forgot password page](https://console.apify.com/forgot-password). There, you will need to enter your email address and click on the **Reset password** button. We will then send an email to the address connected to your account with a link to the password reset page, which will allow you to change your password.
```

> ![Apify console forgotten password page](./images/console-forgotten-password-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Console forgotten password page](./images/console-forgotten-password-page.png)
```

## Adding different authentication methods

> After you create your account, you might still want to use the other authentication methods. To do that, go to your [account settings](https://console.apify.com/account/settings) and scroll down to the **Login** section. There you will see all available authentication methods and their configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create your account, you might still want to use the other authentication methods. To do that, go to your [account settings](https://console.apify.com/account/settings) and scroll down to the **Login** section. There, you will see all available authentication methods and their configuration.
```

> ![Apify console sign in methods section on account page](./images/console-sign-in-methods-section.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Console sign-in methods section on account page](./images/console-sign-in-methods-section.png)
```

## Resetting your password

> This section also allows you to reset your password if you ever forget it. To do that, click on the **Send email to reset password** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section also allows you to reset your password if you ever forget it. To do that, click the **Send email to reset password** button.
```

We will then send an email to the address connected to your account with a link to the password reset page.
After you click on the link (or copy it to your browser), you will proceed to a page where you can set up a new password.

> ![Apify console reset password page](./images/console-reset-password-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Apify Apify Console reset password page](./images/console-reset-password-page.png)
```
